add size mode switcher section (#23)
DevExpress-Examples/blazor-theme-and-size-mode-switcher: Readme.md

Refer to the following article for more information: [Color Modes](https://getbootstrap.com/docs/5.3/customize/color-modes/).

## Implement a Size Mode Switcher

> Follow the steps below to change size modes at runtime:

Author: ```suggestion
To change size modes at runtime, you must:
```

1. Add the [SizeManager.cs](/CS/switcher/switcher/Services/SizeManager.cs) service to your application (copy the corresponding file). This service uses the `GetFontSizeString()` method to apply the selected size mode:

    ```cs
    public string GetFontSizeString() {
        return ActiveSizeMode switch {
            SizeMode.Small => "14px",
            SizeMode.Medium => "16px",
            SizeMode.Large => "18px",
            _ => "16px"
        };
    }
    ```

2. Register the `SizeManager` service in the [Program.cs](/CS/switcher/switcher/Program.cs) file:

    ```cs
    builder.Services.AddScoped<SizeManager>();
    ```

> 3. Copy the [SizeChanger.razor](/CS/switcher/switcher/Components/Layout/SizeChanger.razor) file to the application's [Layout](/CS/switcher/switcher/Components/Layout/) folder. This file creates a size mode menu and assigns the selected mode to the `--global-size` CSS variable:

Author: ```suggestion
3. Copy the [SizeChanger.razor](/CS/switcher/switcher/Components/Layout/SizeChanger.razor) file to the [Components/Layout](/CS/switcher/switcher/Components/Layout/) folder. This file creates a size mode menu and assigns the selected mode to the `--global-size` CSS variable:

```

    ```css
    :root {
        --global-size: @SizeManager.GetFontSizeString();
    }
    ```

> 4. Use the `--global-size` CSS variable to define the application font size:

Author: ```suggestion
4. Use the `--global-size` CSS variable to define the font size application-wide:
```
